¶ [ Happy electronic music ] ¶
[ munching ]
[ Channels surfing ]
>> Can you think of any better
way to spend our lives?
>> Dude, i can't even think.
Is my heart still beating?
[ Heartbeat ]
[ Both sigh ]
>> Keep flicking.
>> Listen!
>> Gum!
>> Ball!
>> The world...
>> Will end in 24 hours, so...
>> Look for the signs!
>> Hmm.
That was strange.
>> Yeah.
>> Keep flicking.
>> The end is near!
The end is near!
Four hour discount sale!
So, hurry up!
[ Birds squawking ]
>> That's weird.
Where do you think all those
birds are going?
>> [ Humming ]
What?
You want my sandwich?
Here, you can have it.
Please let me go!
[ Screaming ]
>> Okay, there's something going
on here.
>> Yeah, first there was this
weird message from the TV.
>> Then the weird guy with his
sign.
>> And now the animals are
acting weird.
What's going on?
>> Greetings, organic units.
Would you be interested in
signing up for the science club
excursion to watch the solar
eclipse in exactly 24 hours?
>> Both: 24 hours?
>> What exactly happens
in a solar eclipse?
>> The sun will be engulfed
by the moon and the world will
be thrust into a complete
and unnatural darkness.
>> Whoa!
And, uh, is this going to be,
like, like a bad thing?
>> Well, the Mayans believed
that it would signify the end of
the world.
But of course, that was before
the advent of science.
>> Both: The end of the world!
>> Yes, but obviously it is just
primitive nonsense.
>> In 24 hours!
>> Please, let me finish.
>> We're doomed!
Doomed!
>> I take that as a yes.
>> 24 hours?!
Oh, this is horrible!
All the things i wanted to do in
my life, all my plans...
Ruined! Ruined!
[ Wails ]
>> You know, I've been thinking.
24 hours is actually quite
a long time.
>> Hey, you're right.
How many minutes are there
in an hour? Like, 60?
So, that's like 60 times 24,
which is...
Three billion seconds!
>> That's like ages!
>> We've got to make every
second count.
You know, Darwin, I've never
asked you -- but what do you
wanna do with your life?
What are your hopes and dreams?
Who is Darwin watterson?
>> Well, i guess what makes me
happy is helping other people
who are less fortunate than
ourselves due to circumstances
beyond their control.
So, I'd like to start a charity
for --
where are you going?
>> Dude, i don't think the end
of the world is time to get
charitable.
And besides, you were getting
kinda boring.
I think we'd be better off doing
some of the things i wanna do.
>> Pbbt!
Darwin, what are we doing here?
>> Learning hard.
So we can get a career, a home,
and feed our children in the
future.
>> Darwin! There is no future!
We need to make the most of it
right now!
Not listening to some baboon
drone on about algebra!
>> Uh, gumball, this is biology.
>> Oh, who cares?!
It won't matter in 24 hours!
Kiss me, penny.
>> Teacher: Ahem!
I've got a surprise for you
today, children!
A surprise test!
[ Maniacal laughter ]
>> Well, i got a surprise
for you!
I'm not gonna do the test
because...
It's the end of the world
and nothing matters anymore!
Not even this!
[ All gasp ]
>> How's that for a surprise!
So come on, everybody, let's
turn our last day on earth
into the biggest party ever!
>> Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo?
>> [ Snarling ]
>> Okay, on second thought,
spending three hours in
detention wasn't the best use
of our time.
I'm gonna be late for my wedding
now.
>> Wedding?
>> Yes, Darwin. My wedding.
>> By the power of the banana,
it is my duty to ask if there's
anyone here who sees any reason
why gumball and Patty should not
be joined in marriage.
Speak now, or forever hold
your peace.
>> Actually, I've got more than
one reason.
Firstly, I'm 12 and so are you.
Secondly, you didn't even
propose to me.
You're just trying to marry me
in the school corridor.
>> Hey, guys! Happy wedding!
>> And finally, this is not
a wedding ring.
It's a bagel.
You know what?
That shouldn't stop you from
asking me again in 20 years.
>> [ Gasps ]
But you don't have 20 years.
>> Shh. I love her too much
to let her know the truth.
Hey, wanna get married?
>> Gumball, why do you have
a perm?
>> It's just something I've
always wanted to do.
So, mom, under normal
circumstances, how long do you
reckon I'm going to live for?
>> Well, your grandfather lived
to be 102.
So i wouldn't worry, sweetie.
>> Hmm, that's at least 90 more
birthday presents.
Mom, I'd like to make you
an offer you can't refuse.
I wanna combine all of my
birthday presents into one
managable lump present...
So can i have a pony after
dinner?!
>> [ Laughter ]
>> What are you laughing at?
>> Nothing.
Do you want a tutu with that?
>> If i get you a pony, you'd
get bored of it in a day.
>> Not an issue.
>> Okay, I'll get you a pony...
>> Thank you! Finally!
>> As soon as your father starts
laying golden eggs.
>> I haven't given up yet!
[ Straining ]
>> All right.
I was going to spare you guys,
but okay.
This morning,
the TV spoke to me.
And here's what it said.
Dark times are upon us.
[ No audio ]
>> So, basically, there's gonna
be this solar eclipse, and...
It's gonna be the end of
the world.
>> [ Laughter ]
>> [ Grunts ]
No one believes us.
>> Have you tried to do
something about it?!
>> Well, gumball got a perm
and tried to get married,
and mostly ate ice cream on
a roller coaster.
>> That's not what I'm talking
about.
We need to plan our survival!
"Apoclatips" or not,
the wattersons will live on!
Come on, come on!
We need to go faster!
[ Tires squealing ]
>> Uh, dad, i think you need
to take the handbrake off.
>> Good idea!
>> Dad, you're in reverse.
>> Correct!
Let's walk!
First thing to do in an
emergency is to panic and buy
everything you can!
>> Hey, no running in
the supermarket.
>> Okay, let's race walk!
>> This is pretty effective.
>> Well, it's an olympic event,
you know.
Now, you grab as much food
as possible.
>> A queue!
We don't have time for that!
>> Look, dad, the self-service
aisle.
>> Unexpected items in
the bagging area.
>> [ Grunts ]
>> Please try scanning it
more slowly.
Insufficient scanning speed.
Please try scanning faster.
A little bit faster.
Scan successful.
>> Yes!
>> Item unrecognized.
>> Ow!
>> Unexpected item in cranium
area.
Please rescan.
Insufficient scanning speed.
>> [ Screams ]
>> Alarm blares!
>> Hey, come back here!
You didn't pay for that!
>> Dad, is this really
necessary?
>> Absolutely.
In every disaster movie I've
ever seen, the family survives
by hiding in a bunker.
>> Richard, that's not a bunker.
It's a toilet.
>> Come on, guys.
Think outside the box.
This has got everything we need!
A toilet.
Uh...
>> I don't think we're all going
to fit in there.
>> We have to!
>> Dad, for the last time,
there won't be any apocalypse.
It's just an eclipse.
>> "Apocalytips", apoc-eclipse.
It's all the same, smarty pants.
>> I think this might easier
if we left the TV outside.
>> Nicole, you're describing a
world i do not wish to live in.
I'll sacrifice myself.
>> Look, honey, why don't you
and the boys stay in here
and keep acting like complete
lunatics, while we sit outside
and watch the eclipse.
>> Both: [ Gasp! ]
Noooo!
>> Boys, what do you think
you're doing?
>> We're sacrificing ourselves
for your survival!
After the apocalypse, you guys
will have to repopulate
the earth.
>> Tell the children of
the future of our heroism,
our sacrifice!
>> And our perm!
>> Both: We love you!
>> Gumball watterson,
come back here immediately!
I'm not spending the afternoon
in a toilet!
>> This is it, buddy.
>> I'm proud to spend my last
moments with you, gumball.
>> Me too.
Here it comes.
>> Oooh! You just got mooned!
>> What is wrong with that guy?
>> That was a bit anticlimactic.
>> Yeah, but at least we've
learned something today...
That every moment of our life
should be lived to the fullest
because it could be very long
or very short, my friend.
>> That is very true, gumball.
So what do you wanna do now?
>> Mmm. TV?
>> Yeah.
>> [ Grunting ]
Richard, do something!
>> don't worry, girls!
I've been in this situation
before!
I'm going to kick the door open!
[ Grunts ]
[ Splash! ]
>> Ewww!
>> Yep, that's exactly what
happened last time!
>> Anais: Gumball! Darwin!
Come on!
We're gonna be late for school!
>> Gumball: Be there in a
second!
Okay, by my calculations, these
ice cubes will allow us to glide
down the stairs at almost the
speed of light.
Go!
>> Both: Whee!
[ Both grunting ]
>> Gumball: Awesome.
Ready!
>> Anais: You can't go to school
like that!
You're naked!
>> Gumball: But i can't find my
clothes.
[ Zip! ]
>> Dad: [ Snoring ]
>> Gumball: Dad!
>> Dad: Oh!
Morning, son!
>> Gumball: Why are you sleeping
in the garden?
>> Dad: Because I've been up all
night doing the laundry.
Just like your mother asked me
to.
>> Mom: Whatever you do,
don't do the laundry.
>> Dad: Aye-aye, cap'n!
>> Gumball: Great!
Can i have my clothes?
>> Dad: Of course.
[ Boing! Boing! ]
Here you go!
>> Gumball: They're so tiny.
>> Dad: And so clean.
>> Gumball: Kind of tight, too.
[ Rip! ]
>> Dad: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Whoa!
You now how your mother feels
about public nudity.
Not to worry.
I've got just the thing.
[ Grunting ]
Ah!
Oh. Here you go!
>> Gumball: What?!
Mom's wedding dress?
I can't wear that!
>> Dad: But everything else
is in the wash.
>> Gumball: I'd rather go naked!
>> Dad: But if you do, your
mother will know I'm a terrible
father/husband!
Please, son!
[ Crying ] Do this for your old
dad!
[ Sniffling ]
[ Pop! ]
[ Whimpers ]
>> Gumball: Okay, I'll wear the
dress.
[ Ding! ]
>> Dad: Thanks, son!
>> Gumball: I can't believe
this.
>> Dad: I can't believe this
wardrobe's still standing!
[ Creak ]
Whoa.
Here we go!
[ Whimpers ]
Aah!
>> Anais: Gumball!
>> Gumball: Aah!
>> Anais: What are you wearing?
>> Gumball: Shh!
Dad ruined all my clothes and
made me wear this stupid dress.
I cannot let anyone recognize
me.
[ Thump! Thump! ]
>> Who are you?
>> Gumball: [ Gulp! ]
Uh...My name is...
Quick. Think of a name.
Think of a name.
Gum...
Ball -- oops!
Uh...Egg...
>> Morning.
>> Gumball: ...Wobble...
Underpants!
>> Yo.
>> Is that a foreign name?
>> Gumball: Yes! Yes!
I'm, uh, from, buh-duh-duh...
Europe!
>> Where in Europe?
>> Gumball: Uh...
Gum...
Bal-- no!
Uh...Wig...
Battle-ax...
Ninja!
[ All talking ]
>> Anais: Can you believe that,
Darwin?
>> Darwin: She dropped her
button.
[ Gasps ]
>> Anais: Oh, boy.
[ School bell rings ]
>> Okay! Okay!
Settle down and take out your
math homework!
>> Gumball: Psst.
I forgot to do my homework.
Can i copy yours?
[ Thump-thump! Thump-thump! ]
>> You can copy mine.
>> No! Mine!
>> How about mine?
>> Well, well, well.
You're not trying to cheat, are
you, gumb-- uh, hmm...
Who are you?
>> Gumball: I'm, uh -- I'm...
>> That's gumball oops eggwobble
underpants!
>> From gumball nowig battle-ax
ninja!
>> That's in Europe.
[ All talking ]
>> Quiet!
That's the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard!
[ Grunts ]
[ Twinkle! ]
But you are wearing a beautiful
dress.
So it must be true.
Why don't you sit there and look
pretty while the rest of us get
on with class.
[ All groan ]
>> Gumball: What just happened?
[ School bell rings ]
>> Darwin: Whoo-hoo!
I'm so happy!
Anais!
The most wonderful, incredible,
amazing thing has happened!
>> Anais: What?
>> Darwin: I'm in love!
She's the most beautiful, most
wonderful, most amazing, most
wonderful, most -- [ Gasps ]
Here she comes.
[ All talking ]
>> Can i sit next to you?
>> Stop!
There's a puddle.
We can't let you walk through
that.
[ Zipper opens ]
Let me help.
>> No, let me fly you over.
>> I can build you a bridge.
>> No.
Let me carry you in my mouth.
[ Growls ]
>> Gumball: Uh...
I could just walk around like
this.
>> Oh, she's so clever.
>> So independent.
>> What a freethinker.
>> Gumball: What was all that
about?
>> Anais: It's the dress.
>> Gumball: What?!
>> Anais: They think you're a
beautiful girl.
People will do anything for a
Anything!
>> Gumball: [ Squeals ]
[ Screech! ]
You're right.
I am beautiful.
You really are one smart genius,
sis.
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
>> Darwin: She will be mine.
[ Slurp! ]
[ Zip! ]
>> Gumball: That was weird.
Oh, well.
Today is gonna be awesome!
[ Up-tempo music plays ]
>> ¶ she's as cool as night ¶
¶ 'cause she's as bright as
day ¶
¶ when she looks in your eye,
she takes your breath away ¶
¶ she can move a mountain,
make a fire start ¶
¶ on a smaller scale, she could
break your heart ¶
[ Whistle blows ]
>> ¶ she's a lady ¶
>> ¶ she looks like an angel ¶
¶ she's sent from above ¶
>> ¶ she's a lady ¶
¶ a super lady ¶
>> ¶ and where there's kitten,
I'm smitten ¶
¶ I'm bitten by the bug they
call "love" ¶
¶ that lady may be mine ¶
>> ¶ the lady may be mine ¶
>> ¶ yeah, the lady may be
mine ¶
>> thanks, guys!
>> Yeah, no problem.
>> Anytime.
>> Anais: Gumball, what's going
on?
>> Gumball: It's just like you
said.
All day long, people have been
bending over backwards for me.
>> Hey, new girl.
How's it going?
>> Gumball: Ahh.
I love being beautiful.
You should give it a try.
>> Anais: Darwin asked me to
give you this.
>> Gumball: "Meet me at the
stomach destroyer roller coaster
at 6:00 P.M."
then he put three x's.
To show how extreme it'll be!
>> Anais: It's a love letter!
He thinks you're a gir--
>> gumball: Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh!
You'll give yourself worry lines
with all that nagging.
Then you'll never be beautiful.
Like me.
[ People screaming ]
>> Gumball: Whoo!
>> Darwin: She came.
She actually came.
>> Gumball: Hey, you ready,
Darwin?
>> Darwin: [ Gasps ]
She knows my name!
>> Gumball: This is gonna be
awesome!
Can't wait. Can't wait.
>> Darwin: Uh, i know this is
kind of sudden, and i hope you
don't think I'm a fool --
>> gumball: Yeah, this is really
cool!
>> Darwin: But who am i to deny
fate?
>> Gumball: I know, this is
gonna be great!
>> Darwin: No, um, what i really
mean is...
>> Gumball: What?
>> Darwin: I love you.
>> Gumball: Aah!
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
>> Anais: So, now we see the
real price of beauty.
>> Gumball: Oh, he really thinks
I'm a girl, and he thinks he
loves me.
>> Anais: You'll just have to
tell him the truth, won't you,
beautiful?
>> Gumball: I can't do that!
He'll be heartbroken.
And besides, he might tell
everyone about the dress, and
I'll lose my powers.
But maybe if i keep up the act,
then in a few years, Darwin will
move on and meet another girl.
>> Anais: And if he doesn't?
[ Harp plays ]
[ Babies crying ]
>> Darwin: I want more kids!
>> Gumball: [ Crying ]
>> Dad: Hmm?
Who's your pretty friend, anais?
>> Gumball: It's me, dad.
>> Dad: Hello, it's me dad.
Is she foreign?
>> Anais: Ugh!
>> Gumball: Uh, hi, everyone.
Um, this is quite difficult for
me to say.
But what I'm trying to say is --
is...
I'm leaving.
[ All gasp ]
>> You can't leave us!
>> But why?!
>> Gumball: Because the king of
Europe has been kidnapped?
And they need my help 'cause I'm
so beautiful.
>> Oh!
>> I see.
>> Of course.
That stands to reason.
>> Anais: You better get on that
bus before you blow the whole
thing.
Now, have you got the balloon?
>> Gumball: Check.
This is a great idea of yours --
staging a grand farewell for the
darling of elmore high.
>> Anais: Remember, this isn't
about you.
>> Darwin: Hey, everybody!
>> Anais: Here he comes! Quick!
Get on the bus!
[ Whoosh! ]
This plan already reeks of
failure.
>> Darwin: [ Whistling ]
What a perfect new girlfriend
day.
Just right for having a new
girlfriend, don't you think,
fellas?
[ Gasps ]
She's leaving?
[ Shatter! ]
>> Gumball: Well, here goes.
Hello, Darwin.
>> Darwin: [ Gasps ]
You get more beautiful every
time i see you.
But why are you leaving?
>> Gumball: I'm sorry, my love,
but Europe needs me.
>> Darwin: Then take me with
you!
A love this special only comes
around once in a lifetime.
We must nurture it, take care of
it, let it grow and blossom,
like a-a...A...
>> A potato?!
>> Darwin: A potato!
>> Gumball: You are a true poet,
my love.
And although we'll never see
each other again, my heart and
all my other internal organs
will always belong to you.
>> All aboard!
>> Gumball: Uh, i have to go
now.
Bus is leaving. Bye.
[ Grunts ]
Ow!
[ Snap! ]
[ Air hisses ]
Uh-oh.
>> Darwin: [ Gasps ]
She's an angel.
>> [ Gasps ]
Look out for the sun!
>> All: The sun!
>> Darwin: [ Gasps ]
>> All: Go left! Go left!
[ Balloon pops ]
[ All groan ]
>> Darwin: No!
[ Crying ]
Why?! Why?!
>> Anais: Gumball, go to him.
>> Darwin: [ Whimpering ]
>> Gumball: I'm so sorry,
Darwin.
She was really special.
[ Plop! ]
[ Whip! Plop! ]
But think of it this way.
It's better to have loved and
watch that love be burnt before
your very eyes than to never
have loved at all.
So why don't you and me head
home, cover ourselves in ice
cubes, and jump down the biggest
set of stairs we can find?
What do you say, buddy?
>> Darwin: [ Sniffles ]
Okay.
>> Gumball: Whoo-hoo!
>> Darwin: Excuse me.
I know this is a bit sudden.
I mean, we hardly know each
other.
But i think i love you.
Your silence says a thousand
words.
>> Gumball: Huh.
I guess some people just can't
help making fools of themselves.
>> Look. There's gumball.
>> And he's naked!
[ Laughter ]
>> Gumball: Ugh! don't mock me!
I used to be beautiful.